hey everyone so this blog is from
halfway through exam season and I'm just
about to head off to my chemistry and
maths exams which are on the same day
lucky me so I'm just like to go I think
I've got a bad patch after gonna be a
long day today six a little bit oh and
you know I've got to do as soon as I get
back as soon as I get back I've got to
like revise earth because I like oh it's
just so much about knowledge and there's
there is a lot I feel I didn't do like
just in this last evening just getting
in my head really go over the key facts
I need to know for writing in my essays
so it seems like I will do that my voice
is coming like when is this call for
going to go seriously anyway I hate
going I'm just about to go in it just
goes better than physics it will be okay
and to be honest that's not that hard so
wish me luck
so I've just got back chemistry maths
they were so so so so I'm just glad that
Donna I'm not going to over analyze them
or anything like that but I'm just a bit
worn out and now I've got to go and
Crown for other sizes tomorrow I think
this is the peak of stress right now the
absolute peak but we'll see and here we
have is not a specimen new has just come
out are you keeping up guys I just need
sleep right now as I hear any I only got
like 41 five and a half hours sleep or
something last night
okay so I've eaten I've kind of revived
myself and now I need to head to the
library oh my god I just finished you
can see that the library is slowly day
by day getting less and less busy
because everyone's finishing exams and
then there's me and everyone else on my
course still stuck there it's nice
because most other people have a break
tomorrow but those once you do have
Sciences the lucky things got earth
tomorrow morning
I'm just gonna go to the library and
cram can it be over now
exams are like seriously stressful and
not enjoyable and I just can't wait for
two days time when they're all done
since the library wasn't too busy I
didn't feel that bad spreading myself
out making use of the space
[Music]
I thought it would be a good opportunity
to show you the whole of the Jesus
library it was built for the Quinn
centenary here I'm pointing out one of
the highly sought after booths like
everyone runs for them to an exam season
you'll rarely get one unless you get
there really early in the morning there
are plenty of other good spots in the
library though this library is
definitely one of the best things about
Jesus okay so I'm back from the library
I just had to go and print out my
Student Finance forms as well because
being me I'd forgotten to sign off and
send something I supposed to have done
and they sent me an email like send it
ASAP and I was like God so I'd have to
print out the form it's just not what
you want at this time of night when just
going to get in bed so I got an exam
tomorrow I feel like I've thoroughly
crammed everything so I'm quite proud of
my cramming technique so I basically
like I'd look over the notes and whatnot
I kind of try and get it in my head and
I'd put them all to one site and I'd
like jot down everything I could
remember and like make kind of a nice
sheet of summary stuff and yeah it was
good it was retesting myself so I feel
like I can remember things whether I'll
remember in the morning I don't know but
like for the earth science is this it's
stupid because it's just when you're at
the stage when you're just learning all
this new stuff a lot of it's just
memorizing it it's not like my other
modules where it's more understanding
based Earth Sciences is so memory heavy
which is what I thought was gonna be
like got rid of it you need but clearly
of science it still has a bit of that in
there I suppose you can't really avoid
if it's all it's a completely new
subject I'm gonna sign off my finance
form so I can post it when I'm on the
way to my exam tomorrow morning I'll
sleep bit now good you make something
I'll come back and take a nap before
revising for maths I'm feeling quite
relaxed about maths which is my last
exam the day after tomorrow
fine then I'll be done hallelujah I
can't wait the library was like so quiet
I was like the last on there ish I mean
I wasn't other people there I was one of
the last few and I'm not surprised
because I should be in bed right now I'm
not gonna tell you the time should have
judged me be like why is she alright
this time the night before an exam but
like I'm only human this is like setting
a really
bad example don't do this to get a good
night's sleep nap for an exam I have
just like I've hit max stress level and
nightmare if I'm what future me watching
this back should probably be put off
doing this again anyway I'll see you in
the morning okay I'm just about to set
off for my exam I'm running late so I'm
gonna go very quickly but I'm gonna be
relieved when this is over okay I'm back
and I think it went decently I think
like it's so hard to tell with earth
because it's like long essay questions
rather than the more calculation based
broken down questions you get in physics
and chemistry and maths so in physics
and chemistry maps like you know when
you're doing bad you just you just don't
even know the answer the question was
with because that's what broad questions
it's up to you what you write about so I
mean as far as I can tell I wrote down
stuff that links the question but I'm
not sure how well I did it so but yeah
I'm glad that's over
like I actually I'd revised everything I
needed to to be able to pick four
questions out of the eight that I could
answer which was good because I was
really worried that I'd under revised
topics and there would only be like
three after five the eighth question was
something I'd revised and that would be
a disaster like one unlucky day that
could have happened we were okay
yeah I'm gonna have lunch Here I am
finally remembering to post my student
finance forms and it's back to the
library for the last time
okay so I've come back from the library
because I was just stressing out I sat
down I'm stressing out and you're
thinking okay page just relax relax
about maps but I'm not even stressing
about maps I'm stressing about my rowing
race tomorrow yeah I know you're like
what is wrong with you what is wrong
with me what is wrong why am i stressing
about a rowing race and not about my
exam I don't know I'm trying to revise
maps but all I can think about it's this
fact that I've got to be coaxing with
some race tomorrow and I have not been
in a rowing boat of eight since last
term like all my outings this term have
been in a very emotive for and to steer
them it's very different eight
do not turn as easily as a four so I
just I feel like I'm gonna crash on the
corners of this rowing race because
we're gonna be going race pace I'm just
worried about the cools I'm gonna make
I'm worried about I'm just stressing out
I didn't even know the finish line is
like I just feel totally unprepared you
should just relax like it's supposed to
be fun I just feel like this pressure on
me to not crash like it's been thought I
would get the crew all together as an
eight so they actually have a practice
it's an eight and what not before bumps
so a properly prepared but they haven't
really thought about the fact that I as
a Cox kind of need preparation too and I
haven't got it
and I literally no even joking I didn't
realize it was this tight but I've got
to be at the boathouse for 12:45
my exam finishes at 12 tomorrow okay
that means I'm out about ten past twelve
then everyone's gonna be sprayed with
kava and I've got ten minutes ten
minutes to get changed into my in
gear and get to the boathouse
I don't even know who half my crew are I
haven't even met half of them because
it's like all been thrown together right
at the last minute it's making revising
that's really hard because all I'm
thinking about is oh my god I'm gonna
crash this boat tomorrow I think I'm
gonna take my makeup off because that
will teach dress me I'm gonna get all
comfy and then I'm gonna write like in
ten minutes I'm gonna allow myself to
write a race a race car because
obviously I've done one maths paper we
know topics that might come up in the
second maths paper look obviously you
got the ones that haven't come up in the
last paper were lightly scoffing this
one I have a bit of an idea of what
topics to refocus my revision on so
there's a few topics I really don't know
I might come up tomorrow so I should
probably look over
those okay I am far more relaxed now we
are all good we I know what I'm doing
more I've read over some of the notes
and like rules of bumps I feel a lot
more like I know what I'm doing now the
only issue is gonna be staring I know
what lines I'm gonna take now I'm just
going to do a few math questions before
I go to bed I don't want to go to bed
too late I'm gonna get ready for bed not
ask me done ASSA revision done let's
just get this last exam done get me to
midday tomorrow
gotta get up tomorrow morning so you'd
wash my hair bonus I'm going to bed
slightly early tonight so tomorrow's
gonna be a good day okay
the last exam this morning let's do this
I'm gonna head off and then straight to
the boathouse after four boats I'm
finished I'm so happy and I don't even
I'm not even analyzing how the exam 1
I'm just happy to be done see you
great fighter time
and here we have some footage from my
rowing race the idea of the race is that
all the boats line up on the river and
you will start growing at the same time
and try and bump into the boat in front
of you I'd like to thank William
Connolly for very kindly letting me use
his footage my boat is referred to as
Jesus in this video and yeah I'll let
you see what happened
wait for it wait for it
please forgive it hopefully additions
Christ oh my God Jesus there it is
that's the kind of thing we're looking
for
thanks mr. Corley Claire have now bumped
out will they realize it they will and
don't stop in the middle of a river
bozos okay so I've got back so I had
bombs and we got bumped or more like we
crashed and then another boat
technically bumped us because they wrote
Minister pass and I know what you're
thinking you're like crash eivol that
would be the Coxes fault but like I feel
like I try my best
like it was my first time in an eighth
why since last term which isn't
technically allowed so Shh and um and
then I go on to explain why the crash
was totally not entirely my fault
if anything it was only a very small
part my fault but I use so many rowing
terms that you probably wouldn't
understand I was going on about and
let's face it you probably don't care
that much either but just know guys yeah
was not totally my fault okay
in the moment you just you just panic
that just wasn't time so we crashed but
it's cool because it was tomorrow but
like the rest of the crew were like so
sad and I was like coach was like you
know where does the crew we lose as a
crew and I was like oh god blame me
anyway I feel you more confident for
tomorrow now at least not often late
today but um so that was a bit it was a
bit of fun there and the weather was
good and I'm so glad the exams are over
I need to have something to eat the
thing is it's like 10:00 to 4:00 already
because I like to switch
people downstairs as well so I have a
big move what some improvements evening
so mag across this lovely paper in the
fridge Oh evening I can't wait to fall
it's gonna be so good oh I love this my
life is so good right now but now it
suddenly just hit me like I've only got
like a week and a half left in Cambridge
okay say thanks for joining me this week
in my very stressful exam the season I'm
just glad it's over like now it's gonna
be so much fun and I'm not gonna worry
about how exams when you know what could
have gone better or whatever like I'm
just gonna forget about that now and
have a super fun last week and a half in
Cambridge for this year and it's gonna
be so good thanks so much for watching
give it a like and subscribe if you
enjoyed
I'd ask you guys to tell me how you were
excessive glowing the comments but then
I know this video it's gonna be going on
quite right
like I've got quite a backlog of videos
building up because I haven't had time
to edit for our exams so you'll know by
now by the time this video is up the RP
have been like uploading videos quite a
few weeks home from when they were
actually filmed but uh when this does go
up do let me know down in the comments
how everyone's examine how your summers
going as well and I'll see you soon with
another video get ready for May week
vlog it will be fab I'm ready to party
I'm ready to have fun bye
you
[Music]